HandsOn/Group02/selfAssessmentHandsOn4.md, before:

# Hands-on assignment 4 – Self assessment

## Checklist

**Every RDF file:**

- [ ] Uses the .nt extension
- [x] Is serialized in the NTriples format
- [x] Follows the resource naming strategy
- [x] Uses class and property URIs that are the same as those used in the ontology

**Every URI in the RDF files:**

- [x] Is "readable" and has some meaning (e.g., it is not an auto-increased integer) 
- [x] Is not encoded as a string
- [x] Does not contain a double slash (i.e., “//”)

**Every individual in the RDF files:**

- [ ] Has a label with the name of the individual
- [ ] Has a type

**Every value in the RDF files:**

- [ ] Is trimmed
- [ ] Is properly encoded (e.g., dates, booleans)
- [ ] Includes its datatype
- [x] Uses the correct datatype (e.g., values of 0-1 may be booleans and not integers, not every string made of numbers is a number)

## Comments on the self-assessment
We had some issues uploading "/rdf/output.ttl" file as our dataset is large and the production int RDF was, thus, large.

Commit message:

Upload part of the output
Co-authored-by: Alberto <all.galeano.diaz@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: X Sr TheDarky X <TheDarky-YT@users.noreply.github.com>

HandsOn/Group02/selfAssessmentHandsOn4.md, after:

# Hands-on assignment 4 – Self assessment

## Checklist

**Every RDF file:**

- [x] Uses the .nt extension
- [x] Is serialized in the NTriples format
- [x] Follows the resource naming strategy
- [x] Uses class and property URIs that are the same as those used in the ontology

**Every URI in the RDF files:**

- [x] Is "readable" and has some meaning (e.g., it is not an auto-increased integer) 
- [x] Is not encoded as a string
- [x] Does not contain a double slash (i.e., “//”)

**Every individual in the RDF files:**

- [x] Has a label with the name of the individual
- [x] Has a type

**Every value in the RDF files:**

- [x] Is trimmed
- [x] Is properly encoded (e.g., dates, booleans)
- [x] Includes its datatype
- [x] Uses the correct datatype (e.g., values of 0-1 may be booleans and not integers, not every string made of numbers is a number)

## Comments on the self-assessment
We had some issues uploading "/rdf/output.ttl" file as our dataset is large and the production int RDF was, thus, large. Following @rgcmme we decided that the best option was tu upload a sample of the output containing the first hundred thousand collums.
